Hi within this lecture we are going to give you your first assignment.
So you are going to be building the Versed calculator ever.
I'm calling gets reversed because this is so simple we can only do four basic operations in this calculator.
Let me give you an example.
So I write 10 and 20.
I can sum them and I can subtract one from each other.
I can just try to multiply them or Divide one by another.
So as you can see these verbs of course this is not an app that you may want to upload to AppStore but
this will give you a good chance to practice what you have been learning so far.
So maybe your thinking right now there are some elements in here that we haven't covered yet.
Yes that's correct.
For example we don't know how to get this input from user right but it's fairly easy.
I suggest you pose read you after this lecture and try to google this and find out about how to do this
input thing.
Let me even give you a hint.
This is called text field.
OK.
You can't find is under library.
So remember how we dragged bodies from the library in the first section.
That's how you do that.
You can just try to quickly google how to use text fields in swift AOS and you can find about all these
operations.
And don't worry if you cannot do that.
Or on your own or don't worry if you don't want to do that I'm going to be explaining this and I'm going
to be explaining a lot more during these next three lectures.
But this will be a good chance for us to practice what we have been learning so far.
So that's where we're going to go and build the Versed calculator ever has been made in the history
of the world.
So let's stop here and continue in the next lecture.